OKTA-731717 - Update number of inline hooks (#4841)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/hooks-best-practices/index.md

| Event hook | Number of daily events | 400,000 | A maximum of 400,000 applicable events, per org, per day, that trigger event hooks. Event hooks aren't recorded or replayed after this point. If a request times out after three seconds, event hooks are retried once. Retries don't count toward the org limit.
|            | Maximum number of event hooks per org | 10 | A maximum of 10 active event hooks can be configured per org. You can configure each event hook to deliver multiple event types. |
| Inline hook | Timeout | 3 seconds | Inline hooks have a completion timeout of three seconds with a single retry. However, a request isn't retried if your endpoint returns a 4xx HTTP error code. Any 2xx code is considered successful, and the request is not retried. If the external service endpoint responds with a redirect, it isn't followed. |

> |             | Maximum number of inline hooks per org | 100 | The maximum number of inline hooks that can be configured per org is 100, which is a combined total for any combination of inline hook types. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             | Maximum number of inline hooks per org | 100 | The maximum number of inline hooks that you can configure per org is 100, which is a combined total for any combination of inline hook types. |
```
